fix: added warning message for hydrator mutator (#741)
ory/docs: docs/oathkeeper/pipeline/mutator.md

  }
}
```
:::warning
Ory Oathkeeper expects custom headers followed by canonical header notation. Every header should start with the uppercase first letter and any other letter following a hyphen. For example, `x-user` should be passed to oathkeeper as `X-User`

> :::

Reviewer: Hey man, I have a few problems with this warning. I think I know what you mean but I'm not sure.

- Oathkeeper needs to get custom headers with names that follow this format `UPPERCASE-UPPERCASElowercase`right? 
- Is there such a thing as "canonical HTTP headers" that defines the format ? When I google that I get articles about `rel=”canonical”` headers.

Author: - UPPERCASE-UPPERCASElowercase-UPPERCASE-lowercase
- This is Go specific thing and related to the Go programming language. [Header](https://pkg.go.dev/net/http#Header) documentation and [textproto](https://pkg.go.dev/net/textproto#CanonicalMIMEHeaderKey) documentation

Reviewer: Do all custom headers have to start with `X-`? 

So the rule is `X-[Uppercase]lowercase-[Uppercase]lowercase(...)`?

Author: >Do all custom headers have to start with X-?
Basically yes

>So the rule is X-[Uppercase]lowercase-[Uppercase]lowercase(...)?
Yep.

  }
}
```
:::note

> Custom headers passed to Ory Oathkeeper are case insensitive, but Oathkeeper returns
> them using the canonical format of the MIME header key. The canonicalization converts
> the first letter and any letter following a hyphen to upper case; the rest are
> converted to lowercase. For example, the canonical key for
> "x-user-company" is "X-User-Company".

Reviewer: Here's how I'd write it: 

```suggestion
Ory Oathkeeper is case-insensitive when accepting custom request headers. However, all 
incoming custom headers are converted to the canonical format of the MIME header key. 
This means that the first letter of the incoming header, as well as any letter that follows a hyphen, 
is converted into upper case and the rest of the letters are converted into lowercase.
For example, the incoming header `x-user-company` is converted and returned by
Oathkeeper as `X-User-Company`.
```

Does it sound okay? 

Not an easy thing to convey in writing :D
